we're here today at Paul cherry Chrysler
Dodge Jeep in pickle Ohio looking at a
2014 ram 2500 this ram 2500 is the
Bighorn package but with the chrome
grille as well as the chrome bumper and
fog lights this is a crew cab stock
number twenty six eight forty seventy
clipped with the Cummins turbo diesel
diesel ram 2500 crew cab quick with the
chrome wheels
we have this truck equipped obviously
with the trailer tow package crew cab
short bed 4x4
trailer tow mirrors that flip out give
you more of a wider range for towing
purposes sliding rear window automatic
it's a power rear window taking a look
at the inside here set the power
driver's seat this is set up with a
split 40/20/40 front seat hood with
power windows power locks power mirrors
automatic headlamps tilt steering cruise
control
four-wheel drive system
rear seats got plenty of legroom
under storage need Markman
step up into the truck and maybe get a
look at the interior
that's the standard am/fm radio with
satellite availability
once again the front seat is a split
bench 40/20/40 split capable of six
passengers
the crew cab does have storage two
storage compartments behind underneath
the front passenger seat
flip up back seats fold flat storage
area this folds up flat again we're
looking at chrome wheels on this 2500
put with the turbo diesel short bed crew
cab
and we are looking at a 2014 we're here
at sherry Chrysler Dodge Jeep in pickle
aisle eight hundred six seven eight four
one eighty